# Ascend
Team H Project
  For our first sprint, we created the main views for our app. We built the homescreen layout and the "Your Peaks" page. From "Your Peaks", the user is able to add the hardcoded peak of Run a Marathon and then view the hardcoded phase information and pitch informtion. The user is already able to edit the times and dates of peaks, pitches and phases. There is also a simple browse peaks screen that shows the potential to discover more peaks down the line. For the first sprint we created a few classes which we built off of which include the pitch, phase, and peak classes. From those we created classes to display the data and save the data along with their xmls. We created a main class with a recyclerview which displayed our current pitches for the day along with their times. Then we also have a bottom navigationview which takes us to the your peaks class which also uses a recyclerview to display the different peaks and their data and times. The when you choose a peak it takes you to peak phases where you can see the phases for the peak and change its date. When you click on the phase it takes you to the phase task screeen where you can change the start date and end date of the phase. When you click on one of the pitches it takes you to the pitch description screen where you can change the plan for the pitch and and the start and end times for it. Whenever you make a permanent change a toast comes up telling you that. All the screens are connected by a bottom navigation view which takes you the yourpeaks, home, and browse screens. We used the Realm database to store our data and make changes throughout the code based off of user input. We also extensively use recyclerviews to show our data nicely to the user.
